update measures doc (#5737)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/join-logic.md

        type: categorical
```

> - MetricFlow uses`user_id` as the join key to link two semantic models, `transactions` and `user_signup`. This enables you to query the `average_purchase_price` metric in `transactions`, grouped by the `type` dimension in the `user_signup` semantic model.

Author: ```suggestion
- MetricFlow uses `user_id` as the join key to link two semantic models, `transactions` and `user_signup`. This allows you to query the `average_purchase_price` metric in the `transactions` semantic model, grouped by the `type` dimension in the `user_signup` semantic model.
```

>   - Note that the `average_purchase_price` measure is defined in the `transactions` semantic model, where `user_id` is a foreign entity. However, the `user_signup` semantic model has `user_id` as a primary entity. 

Author: ```suggestion
  - Note that the `average_purchase_price` measure is defined in `transactions`, where `user_id` is a foreign entity. However, `user_signup` has `user_id` as a primary entity. 
```

> - Since `user_id` is a foreign key in `transactions `and a primary key in `user_signup`, MetricFlow performs a left join where `transactions` joins `user_signup` to access the `average_purchase_price` measure defined in `transactions`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Since `user_id` is a foreign key in `transactions` and a primary key in `user_signup`, MetricFlow performs a left join where `transactions` joins `user_signup` to access the `average_purchase_price` measure defined in `transactions`.
```

> - Since `user_id` is a foreign key in `transactions` and a primary key in `user_signup`, MetricFlow performs a left join where `transactions` joins `user_signup` to access the `average_purchase_price` measure defined in `transactions`.

Author: thanks @nataliefiann ! updated/reworded this!

> - Since this is a foreign-to-primary relationship, a left join is performed where the `transactions` semantic model joins the `user_signup` semantic model since the `average_purchase_price` measure is defined in the `transactions` semantic model.

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

The doc is great and there are no real changes or suggestions I have. The only thing I thought was maybe rewording this sentence "Since this is a foreign-to-primary relationship, a left join is performed where the `transactions` semantic model joins the `user_signup` semantic model since the `average_purchase_price` measure is defined in the `transactions` semantic model." as SL is ref'd 3 times. 

Kind Regards

> - Since this is a foreign-to-primary relationship, a left join is performed where the `transactions` semantic model joins the `user_signup` semantic model since the `average_purchase_price` measure is defined in the `transactions` semantic model.

Author: ```suggestion
- Since `user_id` is a foreign key in `transactions `and a primary key in `user_signup`, MetricFlow performs a left join where `transactions` joins `user_signup` to access the `average_purchase_price` measure defined in `transactions`.
```
